1. Could you tell me about yourself and describe your background in brief?
    I started using online learning to stay up to date with the best. That’s where I learned to code and then I went on to get my certification as a computer programmer. After I got my first job as a backend-end coder, I continued to invest time in masteringvback-end languages, tools, and frameworks.”

2. How did you hear about this position?
   The required skills match well with the skills I have, and it seems like a great opportunity for me to contribute to your mission, as well as a great next move for my career.

3. What type of work environment do you prefer?
   I like fast-paced work environments because they make me feel like I’m always learning and growing, but I really thrive when I’m collaborating with team members and helping people reach a collective goal as opposed to competing. My last job was at an organization with a similar culture, and I really enjoyed that balance.

4. How do you deal with pressure or stressful situations?
   The ability to stay calm under pressure is a highly prized talent.Share an instance when you remained calm despite the turmoil.

   I realize stressful situation are always going to come up, and I definitely have had to learn how to navigate them throughout my career. I realize stressful situation are always going to come up, and I definitely have had to learn how to navigate them throughout my career. Instead of pointing fingers, my first reaction was to take a step back and figure out some strategies around how we could we solve the problem at hand.Previously, I may have defaulted to panicking in that situation, so being calm and collected was definitely a step forward and helped me approach the situation with more clarity.”

5. Do you prefer working independently or on a team?
   Your answer should be informed by the research you’ve done on the company culture and the job in question.

   I enjoy a blend of the two. I like having a team to strategize with, get diverse opinions from, and reach out to for feedback.But I am also comfortable taking on assignments that require me to work independently. I find I do some of my best work when I can focus alone in a quiet space, but I really value collaborating with my teammates to come up with the best ideas.

6. When you’re balancing multiple projects, how do you keep yourself organized?
   Employers want to understand how you use your time and energy to stay productive and efficient. Be sure to emphasize that you stick to deadlines and take them seriously.

   I use the timeboxing technique to make sure they’re all on track, allocating time on my calendar for certain tasks. I’ve found it really helps me prioritize what needs to get done first, and it holds me accountable for the more repetitive day-to-day tasks I’m responsible for.

7. What did you do in the last year to improve your knowledge?
   This question may come up as a result of the pandemic. Employers want to know how people used their time differently.

    I read a lot of blogs to keep abreast of the latest ideas in my field, and sharpened my skills by taking some online courses, such as Udemy Courses.”

8. What are your salary expectations?
   Remember that it’s often better to discuss a salary range rather than a specific number during the interview and leaving room for negotiation.Based on my skills and experience and on the current industry rates, I’m looking at a salary around $

9. Are you applying for other jobs?
   Interviewers want to know if you’re genuinely interested in this position or if it’s just one of your many options. Simply, they want to know if you’re their top choice.

   I’ve applied to a couple of other firms, but this role is really the one I’m most excited about right now because…

10. From your resume it seems you took a gap year. Would you like to tell us why that was?


11. Why should we hire you?
   I believe that my experience with technology, specifically in the larvel developer, make me the best match for this position.  I have all the skills and experience listed in the job description, and I'm confident that I can make an immediate impact on your company.

   I am a great match for this role in terms of my qualification, skill, experience and my passion for this type of work